Add session recording summarizer documentation (#58572)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/architecture/session-recording.mdx

responsibility of the Auth Service's upload completer to detect the abandoned upload and
complete it.

## Recording summaries

> Teleport allows running language models against session recordings to generate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Teleport Identity Security, you can run language models against session recordings to generate
```
